welcome to movie summary today i'm going
to explain comedy horror film sean of
the dead
in crouch and london electronics
salesman sean has no direction in his
life
he is disrespected by his colleagues
especially noel
does not get along with his stepfather
phillip and is dumped by his girlfriend
liz heartbroken sean gets drunk with ed
his slacker best friend at their
favorite pub the winchester
at home sean and ed's flatmate pete
complains of a bite wound from a mugger
and berates sean into getting his life
together
that there's a woman in the backyard
they go to her and see that she's
completely dazed
assuming she's drunk they make fun of
her but when she attacks sean
he pulls her away and much to their
astonishment she is impaled on a metal
pipe
when she stands up another zombie enters
the yard
a zombie wanders in and tries to contact
the cops while they are watching the
news
but receives no response they learn on
television that the dead are
resurrecting and that the only way to
defeat them is to remove the head or
destroy the brain
they throw various objects at it but it
is finally incapacitated when ed slams
an ashtray into its head
they proceed to the backyard grab a
shovel and a wooden paddle from the shed
and beat the two zombies now that they
have discovered out how to kill them
they recall pete being bitten and
attempt to contact him but receive no
response
sean attempts to contact liz but
receives no response
shawn's mother barbara calls and informs
sean that philip has been bitten and is
slowly becoming ill
sean devises a plan to go to barbara's
until philip arrives
then to liz's and finally to the
winchester to hold out and wait for
everything to blow over
they use pete's car to get to barbara's
where shawn finds philip and discovers
he is still alive
shawn approaches barbra and enquires
about her feelings for phillip
barbara is irritated and tells sean that
he must maintain civility with philip
despite the fact that they clearly
despise each other sean informs them
that they must leave
and philip is bitten on the neck visit
liz's home sean notices david and diane
when he walks in alone
he explains his proposal to them and
diane agrees
but david is unsure sean eventually
persuades them to arm themselves
and they do so they meet at and pile
into philip's small car
fighting and bickering over why they
should go to the winchester when philip
awakens
he tells sean that being a father has
been challenging he explains that they
met his teenagers and that he has always
adored sean he tried his hardest to be
someone sean could look up to
but when philip died he advised sean
that he should take care of himself and
barbara shawn tells ed to pull over to
the side of the road and tells everyone
that philip has died
to their surprise philip has returned as
a zombie
and they stumble out the group abandon
the car and sneak through their london
neighborhood
running into friends and evading zombies
by imitating them
they take refuge inside the winchester
where shawn discovers that the
winchester rifle above the bar is
functional
barbara reveals she was bitten along the
way and dies after giving liz and sean's
relationship her approval
david attempts to shoot barbara but sean
stops him
causing the group to argue sean accuses
david of being in love with liz
which diane admits sean distraught
is forced to shoot barbara when she
reanimates
zombies break into the pub devouring
david and diane rushes into the horde in
an attempt to avenge him
the zombified pete appears in bite said
and shawn shoots and kills pete
shawn liz and ed take cover behind the
bar
which sean sets ablaze before the trio
take refuge in the cellar
realizing they only have two bullets
left sean and liz contemplate suicide
while it elects to be devoured by the
zombies
sean discovers a keg lift that opens out
onto the street and ed volunteers to
stay with the rifle as the zombies break
in
the arriving british army guns down the
horde and take shawn and liz to safety
six months later civilization has
returned to normal
and surviving zombies are used as cheap
labor and entertainment
liz has moved in with sean and sean
keeps the zombified tethered in his shed
where they play video games together
movie ends in that scene please like
share and subscribe the film was
developed from an episode of simon pagan
edgar writes sitcoms based
the episode art which was written by peg
along with his writing partner and
co-star jessica stevenson
and directed by wright features the
character of tim
pegg under the influence of amphetamine
and playing the video game resident evil
hallucinating that he is fighting off a
zombie invasion knowing they had a
mutual appreciation for george a
romero's dead trilogy
pagan wright decided to write their own
zombie movie
the screenplay was written by ryan and
peg in eight weeks they were inspired by
films including night of the living dead
and dawn of the dead as well as raising
arizona
back to the future and the birds the
actors met three weeks before filming
began for read throughs
where they also made changes to the
script cast members from them include
peg
frost stevenson and peter sarafinowicz
frost met peg when he was working as a
waiter and was brought onto space
despite a lack of acting experience
frost explained that sean and ed have a
dynamic similar to that of simon and
himself in real life
as they had been living together for
years the film was shot over nine weeks
between may and july 2003 write uses in
camera transitions
typical to his style to enable powerful
visual storytelling
pegg also commented on the use of a
magical realism style
which he says is part of right's
direction in its opening weekend in the
u.s
sean of the debt earned 3.3 million us
dollars
taking seventh place at the box office
despite a limited release to 607
theaters as of june 2020
the film has earned 30 million 76 102 us
dollars worldwide in box office
the film was released only two weeks
after zack snyder's 2004 remake dawn of
the dead
both are internationally distributed by
universal pictures
sean of the dead received critical
acclaim on rotten tomatoes
the film has a score of 92 percent based
on 213 reviews
with an average rating of seven 80
tenths
the site's critical consensus reads sean
of the dead cleverly balances scarce and
witty satire
making for a bloody good zombie movie
with loads of wit subscribe to watch
more videos like this
turn on notifications and leave a like
it really helps the channel
thank you for watching